Docs: Update references to github/codeql-go (#9243)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-cli/getting-started-with-the-codeql-cli.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The `CodeQL repository <https://github.com/github/codeql>`__ contains

> the queries and libraries required for CodeQL analysis of C/C++, C#, Go, Java,
> JavaScript/TypeScript, Python, and Ruby.

Reviewer: Maybe 🤔 
```suggestion
the queries and libraries required for CodeQL analysis of all supported languages.
```

clone and rename the repository in a single step by running
``git clone git@github.com:github/codeql.git codeql-repo`` in the ``codeql-home`` folder.

For Go analysis, run ``codeql-repo/go/scripts/install-deps.sh`` to install its dependencies.

.. pull-quote:: Note

   The CodeQL libraries and queries for Go analysis used to live in a
   separate `CodeQL for Go repository <https://github.com/github/codeql-go/>`__.
   These have been moved to the ``github/codeql`` repository.
   It is no longer necessary to clone the ``github/codeql-go`` into a separate ``codeql-home/codeql-go`` folder.

>    For more information, see `this announcement <https://github.com/github/codeql-go/issues/741>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information, see the `Relocation announcement <https://github.com/github/codeql-go/issues/741>`__.
```

> Within these repositories, the queries and libraries are organized into QL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within this repository, the queries and libraries are organized into QL
```
